Just a few other things I wanted
to cover about this basic stack.
There's a bunch of transforms.
So template strings have
pretty good browser support.
But if you need to support older
browsers that don't have them,
you can use some of these other
packages like yo-yoify that turn
the template strings into expressions.
So here I can just show
you what that looks like.
Yo-yoify, if I even have
it in my path hopefully.
Okay, so let's pipe that to less.
So previously, we had a bit of
code in this block with app.route.
So I'm gonna search for that.
Okay, so yo-yoify took this
code that we wrote and it
replaced it with a bunch of createElements
and all kinds of stuff like that.
So, that's also gonna be
faster than parsing HTML
chunks on the fly in JavaScript.
So a handy thing to do for production.
It looks ugly, but you don't have to
look at it cuz it's in the bundle,
which is already ugly.
So that's nice.
Also choo and
other packages include a bunch of asserts.
So remember from testing earlier,
require assert.
People do that in libraries and
you can use this transform called
unassertify to remove them again.
So you can hook these up through a
browserify pipeline on the command line by
doing dash t.
So unassertify whatever, or you can set up
your package.json file to work like this.
Or, if you don't like configuring
things at all, instead of browserify or
budo, you can use this other
package called bankai.
So, bankai already has all of that stuff
inside of it, including support for
sheetify, which is another transform
that lets you do inline CSS.
And the nice thing about sheetify
is the CSS can be inline and
it's scoped inside of
your JavaScript files.
But then a pre processing
step can remove that CSS and
put it in a CSS bundle that
you can put in a link tag.
That kind of gives a pretty good mix of
both benefits of including CSS and
JavaScript without
the downside of all of the runtime
parsing overhead that it brings.